INFORMACIÓN DE TUTORES
Grupos 1-2	
Ánderson Estiver Álvarez Giraldo	
estiver.alvarez@udea.edu.co

Grupos 3-4	
Luis Sebastian Urrea Feria	
luisurrea1997@gmail.com

Grupos 5-6	
Julián Andrés Loaiza López	
julian.loaizal@udea.edu.co

Grupos 7-8	
Juan José Zapata Monsalve	
juanjosezapatam@gmail.com 

Grupos 9-10	
Jhon Wilmer Giraldo Ortiz	
jhongioring@gmail.com

Grupos 11-12	
Brando Enrique Chávez Vergara	
brandon.chavez@udea.edu.co

Grupos 13-14	
Cristiam Alberto Loaiza Loaiza	
crixtiam9211@gmail.com

Grupos 15-16	
Fredy Alexander España García	
faespanag@uqvirtual.edu.co
Grupos 17-18	
Mauricio Pareja Urbano	
maurosped@gmail.com

Grupos 19-20	
Wilson Andrés Castillo Castro	
andreswcc11@gmail.com

Grupos 21-22	
Pedro Pablo Gallego Pinzón	
pedropablo1996@gmail.com

Grupos 23-24	
Wilfer Daniel Ciro Maya	
wilcirom@gmail.com

Grupos 25-26	
Mateo Llano Avendaño	
mateo.llano1@gmail.com

Grupos 27-28	
Estefany Muriel Cano	
estefa942@gmail.com

Grupos 29-30	
Alejandro Mesa Gómez	
alejandro.mesa2@udea.edu.co

Grupos 31-32	
Jose Luis Aguirre Ramirez	
josefo_1020@hotmail.com

Grupos 33-34	
Andrés Moreno González	
andresmore06@gmail.com

Grupos 35-36	
Víctor Fabián Castro Pérez	
ingvictorcastro@gmail.com

Grupos 37-38	
Alejandro Mesa Gómez	
alejandro.mesa2@udea.edu.co

Grupos 39-40	
Mauricio Pareja Urbano	
maurosped@gmail.com
